[Dreaming] dreaming: clarify RenderImmediateMessage as the correct path for immediate TerminalLogger output (#14381)
dotnet/msbuild: .github/instructions/logging.instructions.md

* Must handle terminal width changes, very narrow terminals, and non-TTY output (piped to file).
* Concurrent project builds must render without corruption.
* ANSI escape sequences must be cross-platform compatible.

> * Use `RenderImmediateMessage` (not direct terminal writes) for any message that must appear immediately outside the normal node-status rendering cycle — for example, messages with a null `BuildEventContext` or `IsAuthProviderMessage` events. Direct terminal writes bypass the node-display logic and corrupt the rendered output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use `RenderImmediateMessage` (not direct terminal writes) for any message that must appear immediately outside the normal node-status rendering cycle, like messages that require user intervention or explain long delays. Direct terminal writes bypass the node-display logic and corrupt the rendered output.
```

(null BEC is not an interesting part of the problem IMO).
